Adding info on exporting Figgy objects to disk (#96)
pulibrary/pul-the-hard-way: services/figgy.md

  $ sudo make install
  $ cd .. && sudo rm -r simple-tiles-0.6.0/
  ```
1. Redeploy Figgy to the server using Capistrano or Pulbot.

## Exporting Large Objects to Disk

> When we need to share a large number of full-resolution files with a user, exporting all the files
> attached to an object scales better than manually downloading each file. Use the
> `figgy:export:files` Rake task to export an item, which also includes files attached to child
> objects of MVWs. For example, for the Figgy object
> https://figgy.princeton.edu/catalog/5a6e59c2-8b8d-4a70-bc6c-cad38e781636 has the
> `source_metadata_identifier` C1384_c0289. To export this oobject, login to one of the lib-proc
> machines as the `deploy` user and run the Rake task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export a large number of files related to a single object, use the `figgy:export:files` rake task 
instead of manually downloading each file. The rake task will export all files, including files attached
to the child objects of multi-volume works. For example, for the Figgy object
https://figgy.princeton.edu/catalog/5a6e59c2-8b8d-4a70-bc6c-cad38e781636 has the
`source_metadata_identifier` C1384_c0289. To export this object, login to one of the lib-proc
machines as the `deploy` user and run the Rake task:
```
